# Traffic Forecasting Project

This is the code for the Traffic-Forecasting project done in the Deep-Learning course (dtu02456) at the DTU in the Wintersemester 2018.


# Explantion of Files

## generate_dataframe_h5.ipynb
This generates the dataframe for the next notebook.
I expects there to be a "./data" folder, with all the data, however, this is not included in this repository.

## generate_training_h5.ipynb
This notebook generates the input data for the "our_generate_training_data.py" script inside /DCRNN/scripts folder.
This will output 3 files (training.npz, test.npz, val.npz), which were than mostly used for the training and testing of the various networks.
i.e.: For the DCRNN model.

## /generate_adj_mx
In this folder, the hand-written "our_distances_intersection.csv" file was used to generate the adjency matrix of the Street-Network.
This is than used by the model in the /DCRNN folder.

## /DCRNN
Here the https://github.com/liyaguang/DCRNN repository was copied and some files were changed to make it usable for our purpose.

## Training_and_history.ipynb
This uses the train&test.npz found in /DCRNN/data/OUR/ (generated by the /DCRNN/scripts/our_generate_training_data.py) and adds the historical average of each individual node as a training input.
This helps the networks a lot especially for further prediction horizons.

##/models
Notebooks of the various models.
All of them expect, that the trainin and testing data is in /DCRNN/data/OUR.
The file-names are mostly self-explanatory.
If there is an "avg" in the filename, than, the model also uses the historical average as an input.
